
Interviewer: Could you please tell me something about yourself and why you applied for a job in our company?
Applicant: Last year I graduated from the vocational school for Business Studies with a GPA of 1.8 and I wanted to start working immediately. That is why I accepted the job offer of XYZ Advertising Agency in Vienna. I think for young people it is very important to get to know new things and gain experience in different fields, something that was possible for me in Vienna. But I want to continue living in this area and as I am not really fond of living in a big city I found your job advertisement and applied for the job.
Feedback: The applicant's response is concise and show they have a good amount of experience.

Interviewer: Do you know our company?
Applicant: Yes, I have already done some research on the internet. Kastner Ltd. is a wholesaler of groceries and seated in the Waldviertel. You are responsible for providing retailers of the environment as well as shops of petrol stations and catering with your goods. 
Feedback: The applicant has good knowledge of the company. Employers like to see you have done your research.

Interviewer: Tell me a little bit about yourself.
Applicant: I have lived in Seattle all of my life, I love being around people, and I love learning new things. Right now, I’m learning a new language because I think it is important to be able to communicate with a variety of people. I also like doing physical work and enjoy gardening and landscaping. I’m quite proud of my yard.
Feedback: Good job pointing out your strengths and showing you are multi-faceted.

Interviewer: What are your weaknesses?
Applicant:  I like things to go according to my plans so when something comes up that may make my plans go off schedule it sometimes stresses me out. But what I have learned about myself is that coming up with a plan B helps a lot! So, if I plan ahead for potential problems, then I don’t stress out at all because I have a good idea of what to do next.
Feedback: It's good to be honest about some weakness you actually have, and showcasing how you deal with your shortcomings shows good traits in a potential employee.